Yves: Everyone, as you saw in my 'new' music video
Yves: It was... very windy that day when I filmed the video.
Yves: Today we'll reenact that day again!
(Let's go to the set!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Yves - new"
ViVi, Choerry: Hi~
Choerry: Choerry!
ViVi: ViVi~
ViVi, Choerry: are here!
ViVi: Yves is filmling her part now!
Choerry: Yves is filming now?
Choerry: Okay, we shouldn't miss that!
ViVi: Right! Shall we go now?
Choerry: Alright!
Choerry: Do you see?
ViVi: Wow~
Choerry: Oh~ Beautiful~
Choerry: So beautiful, so I'm falling...
Choerry: Oh~
Choerry: Eye contact!
Choerry: She makes my heart fluttered!
Yves: It felt like...
Yves: a model posing in front of a camera and under the primary color light
Yves: You know? It is so much warmer than the last music video shooting!
Yves: I love studio filming!
ViVi: I'm sure that It will come out so pretty~